# About us
Croct is a **SaaS platform** that provides technology for real-time personalization. We provide unified, managed customer data to marketers, product managers and software engineers to generate insights, rotate resources that can meet each customer's unique needs, and monetize timely and relevant messaging.
By working with Croct, companies can make the most of their primary customer data to create a positive customer experience and increase their ROI.

# Table of content
- [Overview](#overview)
- [Implement solution](#implement-solution)
- [Increase conversion](#increase-conversion)
- [Improve the user experience](#improve-the-user-experience)
- [Increase engagement](#increase-engagement)
- [Support](#support)
 
# Overview
Croct's SaaS platform is designed for developers and allows them to focus on building products rather than expensive customization infrastructure. Thus, we provide a great experience for developers on any platform and framework. We currently provide a [JavaScript-only SDK](https://github.com/croct-tech/plug-js/blob/master/docs/quick-start.md), but we are working on supporting iOS and Android.

## You're not a developer but you work with data?
No problem! With that in mind, we created a programming language for non-developers! We call this **language CQL - Contextual Query Language**. It is an intuitive query language that allows anyone, even those who have never touched code before, to query information and make decisions without dealing with code and data processing. Visit [CQL Language]() to learn more.

# Implement solution
To implement the solution, observe the prerequisites and follow the process.

## Prerequisite 
- Have an account on the Croct platform.
> You don't have an account yet? Access the [Create Account]() documentation.

## Implementation process
The solution implementation process follows three steps:


1. **Data collection**: in this step, gather all the information that will feed the personalization engine.
1. **Definition of personalization strategy and metrics**: in this step, define: the audience, the type of event (whether it will be an experiment or not), what will be personalized and which metrics can help measure the result of the personalization.
1. **Implementation**: implement personalization and tracking to measure results. To make getting started easier, go to the language-based start guide:
- [Crockt SDK for Javascript](https://github.com/croct-tech/plug-js/blob/master/docs/quick-start.md).

# Increase conversion
Learn how to increase customer conversion with our solution.

# Improve the user experience
Find out how to improve your user's experience.

# Increase engagement
Increase the engagement of your customers using the reports generated by our platform.

# Support
Find support from our team when you need it:
- [FAQ]()
- [Troubleshooting guide]()
- [Open an issue]()

> Still haven't found what you need? [Contact us]()!

